So as always we're gonna go over the,
what we went over in this lesson.
And this is actually a simple one
because all we did was acronyms and
frequent
>> Terminology.
>> Right.
>> All right, got it, so-
>> So, that's all we did.
And hopefully, you've added everything to
your cheat sheet as we mentioned before.
We also will supply some documents for
you to look at.
>> It's possible.
>> Possible.
[LAUGH]
>> Yeah and-
>> Keep a lookout.
>> Yeah, stay tuned for
the future modules,
because we're gonna go a lot more
in depth on the stuff you saw here.
>> Yeah, right.
>> This is kinda just a little glimpse,
everything you kinda get
a chance to go search for.
Make sure you go check Google.
Do whatever you gotta do,
get your feet wet, and
we'll see you in the next module or
next lesson.